All right so now that we have the record that is going to be bringing out information communicating
with BHB and we need to create BHB page as well.
That's going to actually pull the data out.
Right.
So first what I want to do is I want to actually take this cold and put it all the way on top of that
page.
So I'm going to cut it out of there.
Then put it all the way up here.
All right.
Since this is going to be displaying information I wanted to do it before anything else.
So let's create that file.
I'm going to say new file am going to call this display cars that BHP Antar.
First thing is that we need to get this include in display cars face that make sure you put your HP
tags though.
Pasted in there.
All right.
So how are we going to do this.
First create a query and we're going to say select all from where from our table right Karsh.
All right.
Then we say you know what Querrey car.
And I'm just going to put a variable there to apply to my Eskew lie Querrey
connection.
All right then
not Querrey.
Car in full
we can display we can make sure that this displays an error here.
Di Querrey failed
going to concatenate some error Mattieu a lie error.
Just put a put the connection there is close.
All right.
Perfect.
So now the next thing to do would be to actually fetch the information from the database in the while
loop and display and return some information back.
So that way we can catch it with Agent.
Anyway thank you so much for watching this lecture on the next lecture.
We'll continue with this and we'll get it complete.
Take care.